Compress stats files (#179)
sanger-tol/readmapping: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements & fixes

- Add [Blobtk depth](https://github.com/genomehubs/blobtk/wiki/blobtk-depth) to calculate read coverage

> - Add [FASTQC](https://github.com/s-andrews/FastQC/releases/tag/v0.12.1) for quality control of reads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add [FastQC](https://github.com/s-andrews/FastQC/releases/tag/v0.12.1) for quality control of reads
```

> - Add params `--merge_output` to allow publishing both individuals and merged-by-specimen alignemnt files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switched to not merging alignments by specimen by default. Merged alignment can be reenabled with the new `--merge_output`.
```
